1.How Softmax function is useful for Multinomial Logistic Regression
4.Hypothesis
5.Types of cluster analysis









1. Don't try to satisfy society's wishes.
2. It is not matter how bad ur circumstances are only thing matter how you reacts to it.
3. Always try to deal with difficult things we may end up with better than what we were.
4. Give the time to the time so that we can live in the present.
5. Follow the routines by practising everyday
6. Don't expect just be desireless.
7. don't get attracted to comforts
8. Never get settle.
9. Don't think about results it diverts you from doing things,follow the process we may end
   up with failure, but we can improve and will get chance to prove again.
10.By Using our analytical brain we can do anything.


Follow the process
accept the mistakes
don't think about results
live in present
don't set milestones
Keep things simple



inturn portal
outlook
teams

















8142688105



insurance policies work
loss ratio
frequency 
severity
premium
360 view
MIS
pr
policy bazar
litigation

what is time period for policy holder to inform incident
Our bot will search our database only after they claim right I mean getting information




Expectations:
Expectation meaning having great willing to get something from someone or some incident.
if someone or something reached to our expectations then it is fine but if it didn't then it causes lot of sarrow.
what happens if expectations reached?
1. we expect more from same object
2. we always depends on the same person
3. If suddenly expections are failed then it's makes more bad
How does the Independent person feels on dependent?
1. Independent feels pressured.
2. He can't always statisfies other's wishes.
3. He too have some expectations which no one cares.
What is the best way to deal this by Independent?
1. Should realize that he is not living to satisfy socital wishes.
2. He should always looks dumb,lazzy,waste so no one expects much from him.
3. Deal everything secretly








